# Jupyter Notebooks For Benefit and Cost of Dam Project with uisng Python

Welcome to your shiny new codespace! We've got everything fired up and running for you to explore Python and Jupyter notebooks.

You've got a blank canvas to work on from a git perspective as well. There's a single initial commit with what you're seeing right now - where you go from here is up to you!

Everything you do here is contained within this one codespace. There is no repository on GitHub yet. If and when you’re ready you can click "Publish Branch" and we’ll create your repository and push up your project. If you were just exploring then and have no further need for this code then you can simply delete your codespace and it's gone forever.

###Problem:

Corporations have to select among many projects that are under consideration by the management. Their primary instrument for evaluating and selecting among the available projects is the benefit-cost analysis. In this analysis, both the annual benefits and the annual costs deriving from a project are estimated in several different categories. Then the total benefit is divided by the total cost to produce a benefit-cost ratio. This ratio is then used by corporations to compare numerous projects under consideration. A benefit-cost ratio greater than 1.0 indicates that the benefits are greater than the costs, and the higher a project’s benefit-cost ratio, the more likely it is to be selected over projects with lower ratios. Currently, the JET Corporation is evaluating two dam project constructions, one in southwest Georgia (Dam #1) and the other in North Carolina (Dam #2). The company has identified six areas of benefits: improved navigation, hydroelectric power, fish and wildlife, recreation, flood control, and the commercial development of the area. Furthermore, there are three estimates available for each type benefit – a minimum possible value, a most likely value (i.e., a mode or peak), and a maximum possible value. For the costs, two categories associated with a construction project of this type have been identified: the total capital cost, annualized over 30 years (at a rate specified by the creditors and the government), and the annual operations and maintenance costs. These benefits and costs estimations for both dam projects (in millions of dollars) are as follows.
